feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579ddb17d88c12323aae5b5.md

---
id: 6579ddb17d88c12323aae5b5
title: Task 37
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-37
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Sophie: "Would you mind taking a look at my code? I think a fresh pair of eyes _ help."
-->

# --description--

> Understanding the difference between 'would' and 'could' is important in English. 'Would' is often used for polite requests or hypothetical situations. For example, 'Would you help me?' is a polite way to ask for help. 'Could' indicates possibility or potential. For example, 'Could you help me?' suggests the possibility of help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the difference between `would` and `could` is important in English. `Would` is often used for polite requests or hypothetical situations. For example, `Would you help me?` is a polite way to ask for help. `Could` indicates possibility or potential. For example, `Could you help me?` suggests the possibility of help.
```

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sophie: "_ you mind taking a look at my code? I think a fresh pair of eyes _ help."`

## --blanks--

`would`

### --feedback--

> 'Would' in 'Would you mind...' is used to make a polite request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Would` in `Would you mind...` is used to make a polite request.
```
